That's not possible.
Qingqing, he is really your daughter
How many lies do you have to tell to get high?
You've been deceived by your own lies.
Ah!
I'm going to be helpful tonight
From Now On
You and that wild master
Don't appear in front of me
Huo Guoyuan actually did a paternity test with Qingqing
But paternity testing
How could it show that Qingqing is not his child?
Ji Yanxi
Why on earth did you come back?
If not for you
Huo
Zewon won't play at the engagement party tonight either
Missing made me the joke of the night
Please act
I'm going to make you and your daughter pay
Miss please
Sorry, Miss Lin.
His Lordship is playing golf now
I guess it will take a while to come back.
How about you? Just rest here.
OK
Uncle Chen, I want you to paint with me